# SanFranRestaurantRatings2
Using linked list to find information about restaurants in San Francisco.
Same as the other SanFranRestaurantRatings project, however, this time working with linked lists.

Finding and matching results in San Francisco restaurants, giving out information regarding address, phone number, inspection ratings etc.. 
Program Usage 
The program is started from the command line (or run within an IDE). It expects one command line argument. This program should use command line arguments. When the user runs the program, they provide the name of the input file as a command line argument. (This way the user can specify a data set from another city or a different version of the data set). The user may start the program from the command line or run it within an IDE like Eclipse - from the point of view of your program this does not matter. If the name of the input file provided as a command line argument is incorrect or the file cannot be opened for any reason, the program should display an error message and terminate. It should not prompt the user for an alternative name of the file. If the program is run without any arguments, the program should display an error message and terminate. It should not prompt the user for the name of the file. The error messages should be specific and informative, for example: Error: the file restaurant_scores.csv cannot be opened. or Usage Error: the program expects file name as an argument. The above error messages generated by your code should be written to the System.err stream (not the System.out stream).

Input and Output 
The program should run in a loop that allows the user to issue different queries. The two types of queries are: name KEYWORD and zip KEYWORD In the first case, the program should display the list of all the restaurants in the data set whose name contains the given keyword (this search should be case insensitive) with two most recent dates of scored inspection results2 . The user may enter a multi-word KEYWORD. The matching restaurants should be displayed in alphabetical order. In the second case, the program should display the list of three restaurants with the highest scores on the most recent scored inspection in the zip code (postal code) specified by the keyword. The restaurants should be displayed from the highest score to the lowest score. (If there are fewer than three restaurants in the given zip code, all the restaurants should be displayed without duplicates.) On each iteration, the user should be prompted to enter a new query (for which the program computes the results) or the word ’quit’ to indicate the termination of the program. The user should not be prompted for any other response. If the query entered by the user is invalid, the program should display an error message: This is not a valid query. Try again. and allow the user to provide an alternative query. If the query entered by the user does not return any results, the program should print a message No matches found. Try again. and allow the user to provide an alternative query. Matching reults display: If the query entered by the user matches one or more restaurant, the information about all the matching restaurants should be displayed in the following format:

RESTAURANT_NAME
address : ADDRESS zip : ZIP phone : PHONE_NUMBER recent inspection results: SCORE_1, DATE_1, RISK_CATEGORY_1, VIOLATION_DESCRIPTION_1 SCORE_2, DATE_2, RISK_CATEGORY_2, VIOLATION_DESCRIPTION_2
